Yeah Well look, with one month left I would
throw other cartridges eh Because at the
end of this plot I already did such I don't
know to what extent damn
Sálvame has had great cartridges in
15 years to come for bad but to
end with this that they hit us with some
bombs at least not with the ones I would
love to see suddenly
you can imagine audiences of salsera
please to Antonio David and to Rocío Carrasco
the last day of El Salvador I think it's
going to the vetoes and things these days
is that knowing five weeks in advance that the
company is going to close you no longer work and I
mean you're no longer interested in the program
maybe what content you prepare What
content do you make I mean you're not going the same and it's
hard for those people Honestly whether you feel
sorry for it or not but it's hard to know that
you are very strong you are very strong you don't
work the same no matter how much no matter how much you can't you can't it
's impossible I'm going to
give it my all here I mean what do I care what we
talk about this afternoon that he
cared about Marlene's cat mogó I
mean that you  I mean The Cat Cries
Crying I'm going to get my Plus TV I'm
going to watch that for those two hours as maybe there is
more but come on it's an
article it's an articulate
what Laura fan has commented on it I
found out through the press
Laura fa commented assuring that she caught him giving
the opening speech for the festivities in his city I
got off the stage and the head of the
city council's communications office told me to stay calm but just so
you know what happened I told him It's a
joke no I won't lie to you we knew
we were in danger all the
collaborators of the program we found out
through the press he sentenced Laura fa has
assured that she has spoken with most
of her colleagues I have spoken with Jorge
Javier and with all of her colleagues to
find out how they are some only work in
Sálvame thank God I have other
incomes and I don't suffer so much I have not wanted to
go into too many details with this she has
commented discreetly emphasizing that
a lot of people are going to be left without
work a lot despite the praise fa
has wanted to emphasize that the
political comments of the presenter have been able to
offend the state of the program the
latest political controversies have taken their
toll and  completely scared you know
that the political issue is everything No but
she means that it's scary no you haven't
known how to interpret what she said
Sure sure sure she implies that it's
scary what a shame that because of her
political speeches that she also
agrees with everyone What a shame that
because of that it's as if she were
turning it around you know as if
freedom were being restricted when
what you're cracking up is hate and
when it also has nothing to do with
that I think let's go in fact it was the other way around it
was when Rocío's thing carnal There it was really
sad you know Let's say that now
the speech that people are going to give is
completely manipulative no
yes as if before as if during these
last years it had been impartial no and
totally objective it's incredible or I mean
or I mean me too
Kiko has also put something on his
Instagram account here like Matamoros and
Hernández not with the daughters but they are
pixelated
he says Thank you for the love of so many
good people vilified for seeing us sure
of having been the cause of much
happiness and balm for many wounds
alive save me because this explains very well
In fact  look today at the party they were already
with a plot of makoke associated with
Matamoros And that means we
welcome you to Matamoros and bring
Matamoros yamacoke together if they come closer
on a set yes and that Marta's wedding and
all that is covered in Mars and Kiko is
covered in the party and make it
come closer to a Kiko yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
totally totally
invoice because yes but
Kiko has let's go Matamoros whatever he
wants reality sit him down
wherever he wants at party in pit in
viva la vida Although he died in the
revives it doesn't matter or is in the
Matamoros team no no but nevertheless
Well look Laura it's easy it's true that he
does all the things but he also likes it
two days a week save me man you
know how expensive
But anyway Then there are the Campos they will do something they will do something
I'm not telling you what they
say no the Campos nowhere their
noses don't believe it nor the people who
want to believe it don't leave the
Campos no no she will be very affected by
this somewhere  I don't know if it's a party
because in the end it's true that those of us who
were previously in Viva la Vida in
the final were the most marked, the ones who
made the most noise, as I told you, the most
warlike, or especially those who have
been there all their lives, like I was for
four months, haven't been involved in a party like
Terelu, Isabel Rabagón,
Pilar Vidal, and such, but it's a bad attempt,
but well, in the end it's the same dog
with a different collar, but I think I
also see UEFA in politics, in
fact, it has already done things with Rufián. And
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, she
was involved too. Yes, yes, that was
an interview because she has her
program, her program, and in Catalonia she has
her podcast, they write so Ana, the one you know
who I'm going to see harmed,
fellow readers,
fellow readers, readings were
saved on paper, of course.
Yes, man, things change, but as much as
harmed, I think that the readers are
going to be the same, no. I mean, do
you think that
reading income and reading sales go down, of course, I
mean, all the exclusives have spent
years taking their covers to faces from
Sálvame  and or eh Rocío Carrasco that then
fed back to each other in Sálvame it was like
a trade now of
course it was It was then Sálvame muere and
lecturas no longer has that focus or has and
those characters to people not seeing them on
TV is like they no longer generate as much as much as much as much
you know what I
want to tell you I don't know if it was a very good
business that very good trade as you
call it Yes yes totally it's that
totally not totally Yes and I am very
strong what you do what it does I
laugh for one thing
that really wow or rather what it causes
at the end of a program is like a
strong Well I think that there are people you have
understood me for what I laugh there are no people
that I
am still looking for
the tomato I was more good
younger I was a teenager speaks but
I think that they are going to give it to me because
I That is my dream Marina Yes also you
are very nocturnal
what I would like to do would be online
night light How do you say it
with my program and now or rather with my little
program there My sofa next to where I
bring the guests and guests No I
am not your I am like your Belén Esteban who
would be your  Belén Esteban, I mean, like the But
that's not usually
solo I mean, yes, you are yours And such But
come on, I'm the star collaborator, okay
If I were Pepe Navarro, you would be my
Ivonne, be careful
Lorena, I would love that, plus they
're good, they're already considering it, they
're considering it with the production company
Buenafuente Okay, but I don't think it's a
good source I don't see a good source
with the new businessmen of Telecinco, I do
n't see myself as a good source I don't know what
type of light they will choose, but well, I
'm available if they want And yes,
I see that project, no In fact, it's being
talked about Since it will be daily, a late
night at night, a fixed program at
night between five, I imagine that except for
the days of the galas, I
don't know how much time they hit us here, I
mean, I don't even know what they hit us with, we're
already fed up